<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.5-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdedbx45.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY kappname "&sonnet;">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
]>

<article id="sonnet" lang="&language;">

<articleinfo>
<!--title>The &sonnet; Handbook</title-->
<title>Check Spelling Dialog</title>

<authorgroup>
<author>&David.Sweet; &David.Sweet.mail;</author>

<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2014-04-22</date>
<releaseinfo>5.0</releaseinfo>
<abstract>
<para>&sonnet; provides a &GUI; frontend to various free spell checkers, allowing
spell-checking to be easily integrated into Qt-based applications.</para>
<para>If you have &systemsettings; installed, the
<ulink url="help:kcontrol/spellchecking">Spell Checker</ulink> module can be used
to control the behaviour of the &sonnet;, including the default language to use.
</para>

</abstract>
<keywordset>
<keyword>spell</keyword>
<keyword>spelling</keyword>
<keyword>sonnet</keyword>
<keyword>ispell</keyword>
<keyword>aspell</keyword>
<keyword>check</keyword>
<keyword>checker</keyword>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
</keywordset>
</articleinfo>

<para><anchor id="spelldlg"/>
The top line in the dialog displays a possibly misspelled word which was found in your
document. &sonnet; attempts to find an appropriate replacement word. One or
several may be found.</para>
<para>The best guess is shown to the right of <guilabel>Replace with</guilabel>.
To accept this replacement, click on <guibutton>Replace</guibutton>.</para> 
<para>You may also select a word
from the list of suggestions and then click <guibutton>Replace</guibutton> 
to replace the misspelled word with the selected word. To add more suggestions 
from the dictionary to the suggestions list click the <guibutton>Suggest</guibutton>
button.</para>

<para>To keep your original spelling, click on <guilabel>Ignore</guilabel>.</para>

<para>To stop the spellchecking -- keeping the changes you've already made -- click
on <guibutton>Finished</guibutton>.</para>

<para>To stop the spellchecking and cancel the changes you've already made, click on
<guibutton>Cancel</guibutton>.</para>

<para>Clicking on <guibutton>Replace All</guibutton> will initially perform the same function as
clicking on <guibutton>Replace</guibutton>, but will automatically replace the misspelled word
with the chosen replacement word, if it appears again (at a later point) in your
document.</para>

<para>The <guibutton>Ignore All</guibutton> button ignores this and all future occurrences of the
misspelled word.</para>

<para>Clicking on <guibutton>Add to Dictionary</guibutton> will add the misspelled word to your personal dictionary
(this is distinct from the original system dictionary, so the additions you make
will not be seen by other users).</para>

<para>The drop down box <guilabel>Language</guilabel> at the bottom of this dialog
allows you to switch to another dictionary temporarily.</para>

<para>The default configuration options are available in the &systemsettings; module 
<ulink url="help:kcontrol/spellchecking">Spell Checker</ulink>.</para>

</article>
<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-omittag: nil
sgml-shorttag: t
sgml-general-insert-case: lower
End:
-->

